Feature/m2 prepare niko (#2)
crowdproj/crowdproj-product-groups: docs/marketing/TargetGroup.md

# Target audience 

We consider that the target audience of our service is:
1. Retail and wholesale trading enterprises, warehouse management, marketplaces
    1. Providing their SaaS service directly 

>     2. Embedding in the supply chain by providing our services to marketplace 

Reviewer: It's worth splitting the target audience into segments.

I would target mainly on companies those start development of their marketplaces.
I do not think our project is interesting to the old liver companies like Amazon and Alibaba

## Hypothetical user profile for the Needs service

1. A highly qualified engineer of middle or senior level, who is looking for components suppliers for developing product
2. A man aged 30 to 50 
3. Has a higher education

> 4. Has a critical mindset, with a tendency to compare numbers, технические характеристики и не ведется на броскую

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Has a critical mindset, with a tendency to compare numbers, tech specs and is not followed by catchy ads
```

   рекламу

> 5. Как правило, женат, имеет детей (как маленьких, так и взрослых), обеспечен, имеет жилье и автомобиль

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Normally he is married, has children (either young or adult), endowed
```
